Well that was quite a big module but it was important.
You now hopefully get a better understanding on how the vue instance works, how vuejs works
behind the scenes, how it creates these instances, how the lifecycle of such an instance looks like and how
we may use that.
With that, you will really get a lot of tools already in your pocket to use vuejs with. You know how
to use it with template, you know how it works behind the scenes, you know how it basically works. With
that,
we can now make the next big step and move on to a different setup, a more complex setup, a real development
workflow on our machine before we then dive into more advanced topics like components, routing, animations
and much much more.
So let's move on.